Game Story:
After the Doctor lost his memories about Clara, Ashildr and she began their journey through time and space. Eventually they arrived on a mysterious silent planet, in the middle of a valley and they soon noticed a large presence of strange vegetation. Unable to leave again with the TARDIS, they started to explore the surroundings, in hope to find out something more about the planet. Clara noticed the plants in that planet had a weird behaviour and that they grew up faster than those on the Earth.
During the exploration they met the inhabitants of the planet and they were initially seen as hostile. After some time, Clara succeeded convincing them they accidentally came there and that they were friendly. The chief of that people told them that they used to live inside rocky grounds and terrains because of the alien vegetation which was growing and expanding itself along the whole planet. Life on the surface was not possible anymore because the vegetation used to eat every life form.
Clara and Ashildr decided to help the planet population from the invasion of the alien vegetation; so they left the rocky hideout escorted by a small group of soldiers to reach the Tardis in search of some useful tools to better analyze the situation.
During the trip back to the Tardis they encountered some obstacles and succeeded overpassing them with the help of the small group of soldiers.
Once reached the Tardis, they brought a small sample of the vegetation inside and the Tardis gave them a complete analysis of the alien specie. Thanks to the Tardis’ information they found out the vegetation’s weakness, the UV rays.
Aware of such knowledge, the two girls and the other inhabitants decided to set up a proper plan to fight back the alien vegetation and defeat it once and for all.
Since the best light source available was the sun, it was necessary to find a way to clear the sky from the clouds.
Next step was find the core and force it to leave, otherwise destroy it.
The travel to the different points of interest is impeded by different shapes resembling some sort of bipeds but actually made of roots and earth or rocks: the plant was aware of the inhabitants and saw them as a sickness to get rid of, and tried to create some instances to fight them back. Along with bipeds, there were also tricky roots which tried to stop nearby walkers, bigger ogres, and so on.
Clearing skies in the last step. First of all, more intel must be gathered to find a way to slowly fight back the plants, and a closer look is needed. More and more information is got along their way, until analysis reveals the plants have a central core, and they nourish by eating other living forms. Also, the plants produce chemicals to fade the sky and create a cloudy environment, since they repulse light. (more to be added)
Their quest require gathering more info about the plant, its structure, what can be done to defeat it. Then, the mission is putting all things together to fight the plant back, activate the weapon to use against it, and finally defeat the plant core.
In the end Clara and Ashildr succeeded clearing the sky from the clouds and the sun burnt half of the alien vegetation, opening a way to reach the alien’s core. Once reached the core, Clara and Ashildr could fight it in a last battle and eventually defeated it.
